\input texinfo
@settitle MShar 0.0

@copying
MShar is licensed under:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 MXPSQL

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

@end copying

@comment needed

@titlepage
@title MShar
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@node Top
@top MShar

This manual is for MShar.

@menu
* MShar docs::    Main documentation
* MShar hacking:: Modifying MShar
* Race Traitors:: You R Pretendo, not Nintendo
@end menu

@comment main stuff

@node MShar docs
    @chapter MShar

    @cindex MShar
    MShar documentation

    A better shell archiver that needs base64 to run lmao

    It will output a shell script that will extract itself.

    Can self update itself (if you have git and the place where it is located is actually a git repository)

    Includes an api that you can use, to use it, 
    use the command "source /path/to/mshar noop" to silence output, then use the mkmshar api. 

    mkshar api: mkshar /path/to/archive /your/wanted/files /princess/peach/pics /nuclear/missle/codes

    Shdoc has better documentation than this man page, get it at https://github.com/reconquest/shdoc


    @node Synopsis
    @section Synopsis
    mshar <mode> [whatever depending on the mode]

    mshar update-self

    mshar make-archive yourarchive.mshar yourcode.cpp nintendogames.tar.gz mariokartwii.iso

    mshar noop


    @node Options
    @section Options

    mshar <mode> [whatever]
    Modes:

    	all of these args are after the mode args

    	update-self (only work if you git cloned it): no args

    	make-archive: <archive file> [<your file> ...]

    	noop: does nothing (useful for sourcing)

    @node API
    @section API
    after sourcing (perferably with the noop mode),
    you can use the mkmshar function to create archives

    Usage: 
    mkmshar archive /stuff/yes /others/image /majin/sonic /sanic/hegehog

    @node Extraction
    @section Extraction

    Run the archive as a bourne shell script. Make sure you have
    the base64 command.

    Run it in a directory, it will extract to the current directory.

    @node bugs?
    @section bugs?
    No bugs at all

    @node Author
    @section Author
    MXPSQL is the author

@node MShar hacking
    @chapter Modifying MShar
    @cindex MShar hacking

    @node Modifying the thing
    @section Modifying the thing
    To modify mshar, just modify the mshar script, it's a shell script.

    All you need to know are shell script knowledge.

    @node Sending the modification
    @section Sending the modification
    You can send your modification as a patch file, use the patchutils and figure out how to use it and send it to me.

    Hint: diff

@comment useless

@node Race Traitors
    @chapter Race Traitors
    @cindex Race Traitors

    Yes, Ok


@comment index

@node Index
    @unnumbered Index
    @printindex cp

    TBH, you need base64 to run this thing and extract archives created with it.

@bye